Docu ifc check (#857)
BIM2SIM/bim2sim: docs/source/user-guide/PluginIFCCheck.md

# PluginIFCCheck
The [IFC Check Plugin](PluginIFCCheck) can be used for to run the basic task IFC
Check. In general the IFC Check can be used to check the quality of the IFC

> files regarding the requirements of the use case (e.g. bps).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
files regarding the requirements of the use case (e.g. BPS).
```

The IFC Check runs checks based on IDS (Information Delivery Specification). For
more information see section [Generate IDS files](GenerateIDSfiles). By this
standard it is possible to create files (IDS files), which include the
requirements regarding the format and content of the IFC files.

In back-end of the IFC Check the python package ifctester is used. This package
is part of the ifcopenshell framework. But actually IDS standard (version 1.0)

> could not cover all necessary checks. For instance it is not possible to check the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is part of the ifcopenshell framework. The IDS standard (version 1.0)
does not cover all required checks. For example, it is not possible to check the
```

uniqueness of the GUID (Global Unique Identifier). Therefore the task IFC Check

> also include functions, which cover the missing checks. The general structure of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
also includes functions, which cover these missing checks. The general structure of
```

the task IFC Check is shown in [Fig.: General structure of the IFC Check
Task](FigStrIFCCheck)

(FigStrIFCCheck)=
```{figure} ../img/dynamic/pluginIFCCheck/Datenfluss.png
---
class: with-border
width: 50%
---

Fig.: General structure of the IFC Check Task
```

(HowtoInstallIFCCheck)=
## How to install?

### Step by step
There is no need of extra installation besides the basic installation (see,

> [bim2sim core installation](coreInstallation))

Reviewer: I don't think this is correct, since the pyproject.toml states specific installaton requirements for the PluginIFCCheck that need to be installed:

from pyproject.toml:
PluginIFCCheck = [
    "ifctester==0.8.1",
    "pystache==0.6.8" # is a dependency from ifctester, not automatically install here
]

So please add a line for plugin installation.

Author: you are right, thx. done, see commit 922ab3e1d

### Test install

## Examples
Please also take a look at
`bim2sim/plugins/PluginIFCCheck/bim2sim_ifccheck/examples`, which provides some

> runnable examples for the IFCCheck plugin. You can use these examples to test your

Reviewer: ```suggestion
examples for the IFCCheck plugin. You can use these examples to test your
```

## How to create a project?
See the examples.

## How to configure my project?
See the examples.

## How to run the project?
Run the project scripts, like in the examples.

## How to run the simulation?
With this plugin no simulation model will be generated.

### What kind of results exist?
Have a look at the reports generate by the ifccheck task. When you ran the
examples in the terminal, you can find the working folder of the project run in
the log output of the terminal. The reports are stored in html formatted files.
These files are located in `workingFolder/log`. The following files will be generated:
- created by ifcTester part:
  - ifc\_ids\_check.html
- created by spec. functions:
  - ARCH\_AC20-FZK-Haus\_error\_summary.html
  - ARCH\_AC20-FZK-Haus\_error\_summary\_inst.html
  -  ARCH\_AC20-FZK-Haus\_error\_summary\_prop.html
  - ARCH\_AC20-FZK-Haus\_error\_summary\_guid.html

### What programs/tools to use for further analysis or preparation?
(GenerateIDSfiles)=
#### Create IDS files

The IDS standard is developed by BuildingSMART (more information regarding IDS
see:

> https://www.buildingsmart.org/what-is-information-delivery-specification-ids/.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The IDS standard is developed by BuildingSMART (for more information regarding IDS
see 
[https://www.buildingsmart.org/what-is-information-delivery-specification-ids/](https://www.buildingsmart.org/what-is-information-delivery-specification-ids/) ).
```

The IDS file can created with an ordinary text editor, because the format of IDS
files is just xml. The information are readable for humans (and machines). But
the usage of specific tools is recommended. There are some open source tools like
[idsedit](https://www.idsedit.com/) or  [ifctester WebApp](https://ifctester.org/). 

Examples for IDS file are available here:
- bim2sim specific: 
  - 'repo-root/bim2sim/plugins/PluginIFCCheck/bim2sim_ifccheck/'
    - ifc\_bps.ids
    - ifc\_hvac.ids
- general:
  - [https://github.com/buildingSMART/IDS/tree/development/Documentation/Examples](https://github.com/buildingSMART/IDS/tree/development/Documentation/Examples)

#### Correct failure found with ifc check / IDS check (with blender/bonsai)
An easiest way to solve an issue in the ifc file can be to use Bonsai an
extension for Blender. The process is explained below:

(FigHowtoIFCTester)=

> ```{figure} ../img/dynamic/pluginIFCCheck/howto_use_ifctester_in_bonsai_numbers.png

Reviewer: This figure is currently not correctly displayed in the documentation. Please fix the file reference.

Author: This file was not committed. 
Commit this file.
done, see commit a12cac7

---
class: with-border
width: 100%
---

> Fig.: Howto check and correct errors with bonsai

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fig.: How to check and correct errors with bonsai
```

Author: done, see commit 843ff1e8f
